Ruby: sinks for code injection via calls to `method` (#15780)
github/codeql: ruby/ql/src/change-notes/2024-03-01-method-code-injection-sinks.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added code injection sinks for calls to `method` with untrusted data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Calls to `Object#method`, `Object#public_method` and `Object#singleton_method` with untrusted data are now recognised as sinks for code injection.
```
